# class-schedule-ics
Create calendar events from your class schedule. Will automatically generate repeating events weekly based on which
classes you input (either by section number or Course Registration Number (CRN)), with start/end dates based on the
beginning of the semester.

## Installation

Command line examples assume you are on a Linux system. You may need to use slightly different commands for Windows
Command Prompt (or the abomination that is PowerShell).

1. Ensure python is installed:
   ```shell
   python version
   ```
   If it returns something like this (version number might not exactly match):
   ```shell
   Python 3.11.2
   ```
   you should be fine. Otherwise, [install Python](https://python.org/downloads).
2. Clone this repository:
   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/cptlobster/class-schedule-ics.git
   cd class-schedule-ics
   ```
3. Create a virtual environment:
   ```shell
   python -m venv .venv
   source .venv/bin/activate
   ```
4. Install requirements:
   ```shell
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

TBD

## Limitations

- This does _not_ account for holidays. You can manually delete individual events once the calendar is imported.
- This will _not_ pull your registration data from Banner. You still need to know which sections you're registered in!
- This will _not_ add the events to Google Calendar/Outlook completely! You need to import the .ics file generated by
  the program for the calendar data to be added (which is pretty quick and easy).
- This is _not_ guaranteed to work 100% of the time. I can say it "works on my machine" but there are _zero_ promises
  for any other setup.